1.git is version control System.
  version control System ()
2.Git helps to keep track on code change.
3.Git used to collabrate on code.
  (multiple people can work on code)
4.Git is intalled locally on your computer.
  4.1 install git in your computer.
  4.2 Then open cmd and set your username using(git congig --global user.name "ex:sudharson")
  4.2 Then set your email using (git config --global user.email "ex:J.sudharson@hotmail.com")
5.Github is a cloud-based service that runs git.
6.Github hava alternative that runs git.
   6.1.Bitbucket
   6.2.Gitbucket
7.Git also has its alternative.
8.create a Github account in github.com
9.create a new repository in github(ex:example).
10.create new file (ex:new.txt)
11.add some content to (new.txt)
12.Then commit change and add commit message(ex:new file created)
13.create a folder (ex:github)
14.open visual studio code and open the folder you have created.
15.Then to bring the repository (example) which is created in github in vscode we use (ex :git clone https://github.com/sudharsonj/intern.git)
16.The link is copied from the github code option.
17.Then we change the directory from github to example usign (cd example).
18.Now we can see the file (new.txt) we created in the github in vs code.
19.Now we creating a new file (new2.txt) in vs code.
20.As soon as we create a new file (new2.txt) that shows "U" which represents that file is untracked.
21.To change the created file from untracked to Staging we use (git add new2.txt) now "U" changed to "A"
22.Then we commit the created a file using (git commit -m "commit msg to be displayed is written here").
23.After we commit the folder we need to push the created file (new2.txt) to repository in github.
24.To push we need to know the origin branch where we need to push the created file.
25.To know what is the branch name we use (git branch).
   25.1 When we have multiple branch and we need to view the branch list use(git branch -a).
   25.2 To change branch name we use (git branch -m branchname).
   25.3 To move from one branch to another we use (git checkout branchname).
   25.6 To merge from one branch to another we use (git merge branchname).
26.After knowing the branch name we use (ex:git push origin master).
27.Now the created file(new2.txt) is added to the github repository you can view the (new2.txt) is repository.
28.When we add some change in already pushed file in vscode it changes to "M" which means that the file is Modified.
29.After adding the changes we follow the same steps (Add,Commit,Push) then the modification can also be viewed in repository.
30.when we create a new file(new3.txt) in repository we use (git.pull)in vscode terminal to view the created file in vscode.
   30.1 git pull is used to update the changes made in repository.